Team D - Meeting 3 5/11/15
Locaiton: Library


Team Members Present

	  1) Levi Schoen
		2) Joseph Stewart
		3) Brandon Isom
		4) Raven Allan
		5) Laura DeWitt
		6) Brady Sullivan
		7) Parker Berger (note taker)

UEB Prep Members Present
		1) Sam - U-Lab builder, Associate Professor
		2) Holly - Professor who teaches the teachers for the hearing and speech impaired 
		3) Christoph - ECE professor
		4) Trish - sightless student of Holly learning to be a teacher for the sightless

Agenda Item

	1. Introductions
	2. Communication Protocols
 	3. Project Expectation
	4. What happens next?

Meeting Notes

	2. Preferred means of contact: Christoph and other-s agree email and prefers weekly meeting. Holly suggested using a method of communication where everyone could view all the current and past messages on one screen, i.e. a chat room. 

	3. Sam and Christoph agree opensource is important. The type of opensource in undecided. Sam says he needs to check with industry partners and intellectual property guys at PSU. 
	ACTION ITEM: Research types of opensource contracts [I did not record who owns this action item]
	Sam said extensive documentation since meeting with Brandon has been written on the deliverable. 
	Sam requests a synopsis on different types of opensource.
	
	4. 
	[I have more notes to add]
	ACTION ITEM: Come up with project proposal by the 25gth. (Levi is owner)
	ACTION ITEM: Research adaptive learning books and resources. (Brandon is owner)




Results
	ACTION ITEM: Research types of opensource contracts [I did not record who owns this action item]
	ACTION ITEM: Come up with project proposal by the 25gth. (Levi is owner)
	ACTION ITEM: Research adaptive learning books and resources. (Brandon is owner)
